annot: cut the romaine lettuce to fairly small pieces
ACTID: 0
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the romaine lettuce (-1)
[PP, other, to] fairly small pieces (-1)
annot: put it in a large bowl
ACTID: 1
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] it (0)
[PP, location, in] a large bowl (-1)
annot: Add diced cucumber, green pepper
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] diced cucumber (-1), green pepper (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Add finely chopped parsley, chopped onion, chopped green onion, and mint
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] finely chopped parsley (-1), chopped onion (-1), chopped green onion (-1), mint (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: Add canned tomatoes, cheese
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] canned tomatoes (-1), cheese (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: then mix everything up
ACTID: 5
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] everything (4)
annot: Combine juice of 3 lemones
ACTID: 6
PRED: combine
[DOBJ, food] juice of 3 lemones (-1)
annot: Add 1 tbsp garlic paste, regular mustard, 1 tbsp white pepper, and black pepper
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 1 tbsp garlic paste (-1), regular mustard (-1), 1 tbsp white pepper (-1), 1 tbsp black pepper (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Add a little bit maple syrup and some olive oil
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a little bit maple syrup (-1), some olive oil (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: pour the dressing to a jar
ACTID: 9
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the dressing (8)
[PP, location, to] a jar (-1)
annot: Cover the jar
ACTID: 10
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] the jar (9)
annot: shake everything inside to mix it well
ACTID: 11
PRED: shake
[DOBJ, food] everything (10)
[PP, other, inside] to mix it well (-1)
annot: Pour the dressing on the mixed salad
ACTID: 12
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the dressing (11)
[PP, food, on] the mixed salad (5)
annot: serve with some chips
ACTID: 13
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (12)
[PP, food, with] some chips (-1)